hello motherfuckers now I want to kill a fucking fucking wallet that's going to give you
some whores flowers to an araya bitch
take bastard sas on all the cock no son of a bitch you're doing
now acup take more blunt
that was the fucking fucking idea
la la la la la la la la la la but what the fuck I'm singing let's continue now
let's see what's behind this fucking door
fucking what are you doing here
dies fagot aims hahahahaha how good I am daughter hahaha
hello I come from the mother hahahaha
fucking dies for your fucking mother but what the fuck here all are so easy to
kill xd
but now what the fuck do I have to do in this fucking house
and now where do I go
die fucking son of a bitch hahahaha can not eat his per with his labor of the
thousand rapes hahahaha now I will kill you
None of that damn fucking I'm going to put this dildo up your ass until you
blood for the fucking mother that someone stop this fucking fagot ap utah who
it was the fucking fag that shot me I went
or snow hahahaha now I'll kill you I'll kill you fucking fucking fagot
tomás asas puto fagot your fucking mother you killed me son of a bitch if now
I will kill everyone jajajajajajaja
p fucking mother with senators fucking take this bullets with condoms
all over your ass
but what a big house for the whore I have to go to the fucking pool that is
in the yard of this fucking house but that bigger straw
another door but what the fuck do I do here
but what the fuck is behind this fucking door
bitch mother what kind of bitch person needs such a big yard kids of
bitch
a fucking fagot and that makes this ball of butter here better killed him hahahaha
fucking fagot but what the fuck is it like my life had gone by so
Quick
it's like the saying life goes so fast xd xd xd of ddb
children do not do this at home walking on rooftops is very dangerous
bitch open up sow maricona but what the fuck is this happening here
son of a bitch kill him for the fucking mother you killed me yeah for the fucking mother pass me
Those fucking bitches in the son of a bitch rape cell spend those
keys of the cells of rape tip but what the fuck or is it that I am
immortal or the sons of bitches here do not know how to kill anyone hahaha it seems that
They are plastic bullets hahahahahahahahaha
Now what the fuck do I do on this fucking roof but what the fuck I'm going to do
now for the bitch how do I get out of here
taking advantage of that, you die fucking son of a bitch to perote, shit happened to me
themis fucking dildos up the ass not fucking son of a bitch but what the fuck
because you do not want to die fucking fucking better you threw me down the roof
for the whore hurt me
Do not miss the fucking shit is that I forget to take them out in the street
dildo condom and whore of the oven fucking fucking shut up son of a bitch
dies shit fucking
for the harvest of your old
more respect fucking fucking son of a bitch
I think this staircase leads to the basement
but what the fuck is this and saying, of course, yes
let's see where the cell of violation is
it seems to me that this is let's open up sesame for the fucking mother where is
the mother of whores
what a scam I thought I would be here
What the fuck, moo, you son of a bitch that you made with the mother of the tips, I do not
I did nothing
die fucking son of a bitch by the way
fucking mother
What a fucking day I better get out of this fucking house in that car that they steal from that
butter ball xdxd xddddd jajajajajajaja
but what a ugly but equal car open door whore
Okay, let's get out of this fucking house hahahaha, what fun I killed them all
hahahahaha dies whore grate
I will go for a walk for all the lost time